Add IMU sensor support (#36)
moveit/mujoco_ros2_control: doc/index.rst

      <state_interface name="velocity"/>
      <state_interface name="effort"/>
    </joint>

>     <sensor name="cart_imu">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <!-- Note the "_imu" suffix is required -->
    <sensor name="cart_imu">
```

      <state_interface name="orientation.x"/>
      <state_interface name="orientation.y"/>
      <state_interface name="orientation.z"/>
      <state_interface name="orientation.w"/>
      <state_interface name="angular_velocity.x"/>
      <state_interface name="angular_velocity.y"/>
      <state_interface name="angular_velocity.z"/>
      <state_interface name="linear_acceleration.x"/>
      <state_interface name="linear_acceleration.y"/>
      <state_interface name="linear_acceleration.z"/>
    </sensor>

>     <sensor name="motor_fts">

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <!-- Note the "_fts" suffix is required -->
    <sensor name="motor_fts">
```

You need to specify <limit> which is mapped to ``range`` in MJCF.
For now, there is no way to specify velocity or acceleration limit.

For an IMU sensor, we add ``framequat``, ``gyro``, and ``accelerometer`` sensors in the MJCF since there is no combined IMU in MuJoCo.
The name of each sensor should be ``sensor_name`` + ``_quat``, ``sensor_name`` + ``_gyro``, and ``sensor_name`` + ``_accel`` respectively.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take note that the sensor must be suffixed with `_imu`, as in the sample ros2_control xml above.

```

> For force torque sensor, you need to map the sensor to a force sensor and a torque sensor in MJCF since there is no combined force torque sensor in MuJoCo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a force torque sensor, we map both a force sensor and a torque sensor in the MJCF since there is no combined force torque sensor in MuJoCo.
```

The name of each sensor should be ``sensor_name`` + ``_force`` and ``sensor_name`` + ``_torque``.
For example, if you have a force torque sensor called ``my_sensor``, you need to create ``my_sensor_force`` and ``my_sensor_torque`` in MJCF.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take note that the sensor must be suffixed with `_fts`, as in the sample ros2_control xml above.

```

> For example, if you have a force torque sensor called ``my_sensor``, you need to create ``my_sensor_force`` and ``my_sensor_torque`` in MJCF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, given a force torque sensor called ``my_sensor``, there must be  ``my_sensor_force`` and ``my_sensor_torque`` created in the MJCF.
```
